Apalache.tla: the standard module for Apalache (#188)
informalsystems/apalache: docs/manual.md

InvariantViolation == hasLicense /\ year - BIRTH_YEAR < LICENSE_AGE
```

<a name="lookup"></a>
## 6.3. Module lookup

Apalache uses [the SANY
parser](https://lamport.azurewebsites.net/tla/tools.html), which is the

> standard parser of TLC and TLA+ Toolbox. By default, SANY is looking for the

Author: Not really. TLC and TLA+ Toolbox are two different programs, although they are compiled in one megaproject

modules in the current working directory and in the Java package
`tla2sany.StandardModules`, which is usually provided by `tla2tools.jar` that is
included in the Java classpath.

> Additionally, Apalache includes the directory `$APALACHE_HOME/src/tla` into the
> SANY lookup list via the Java system variable called `TLA-Library`. (The script
> `bin/apalache-mc` automatically sets `APALACHE_HOME` to its parent directory.)
> 
> On top of that, Apalache adds all the directories specified in the environment
> variable `TLA_PATH` into the SANY lookup list. See [issue
> 187](https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/issues/187).

Reviewer: This reads to me a bit more like implementor-focused documentation. We might get something a little more friendly for end users if we say something like:

```suggestion
In addition to the modules in the current working directory, Appalache provides

- a small standard library (located in `$APALACHE_HOME/src/tla`), and
- support for additional source directories specified in the environment variable `TLA_PATH`. `TLA_PATH` should be a list of paths to directories separated by `:`. 

(Directories in the `TLA_PATH` are provided to SANY via the `TLA-Library` Java system variable.)    
```

operator.

<a name="apalacheMod"></a>
# 9. The Apalache module

Similar to the `TLC` module, we provide the module called `Apalache`, which can
be found in
[src/tla](https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/tree/unstable/src/tla).

> Most of the operators in that modules are introduce internally by Apalache,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the operators in that modules are introduced internally by Apalache,
```

when it is rewriting a TLA+ specification.  It is useful to read the comments
to the operators defined in `Apalache.tla`, as they will help you in

> understanding the [detailed output](#detailed) produced by the tool, see.

Reviewer: Was "see" here meant to be followed to a reference to something?

Reviewer: @konnov I think this question may have gotten hidden by Github eliding some of the comments.
